README for fun Directory
========================

Today there are computer games everywhere. There once was a time,
however, when computer games were magical things found only in ivory
towers and research labs. I still recall how exciting it was to play
games like Hamurabi, Star Trek, and Hunt the Wumpus. I spent countless
hours typing in and playing games from David Ahl's books "Basic Computer
Games" and "More Basic Computer Games." This led me down the infinitely
deep rabbit hole of making my own games.

Quantum computers are serious machines here to do serious business. In
the interest of pedagogy, it is important to keep learners motivated
while learning how to use such an important, and sometimes complex,
new technology.

Yeah, that's right -- that means we're gonna make some games!

Before anyone claims that fun and games is a waste of such a precious
resource as a quantum computer, I would like to point out that games
often highlight very important computer science problems looking for
solutions. Consider the graph theory behind Hunt the Wumpus, the natural
language processing of the Adventure text game, the simulation behind
Hamurabi, and the search problems behind Chess or Go, and the
ever-favorite dawn of 3D computer graphics and texture mapping heralded
in by Wolfenstein 3D.

Requirements
------------

This stuff is all fun and games. If you are just playing around, then you
probably should not use a live QPU. However, if you are very serious
about learning, then maybe some of these tutorials are worth dipping
into the QPU.
